README.md, before:

# Ibrahim Roshdy's Personal Website

This is the source code for my personal website hosted at [ibrahimroshdy.github.io](https://ibrahimroshdy.github.io).

## Features

- Modern, responsive design
- Interactive particle background
- Terminal-style introduction
- Showcase of articles and projects
- Smooth animations and transitions

## Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3 (with modern features like CSS Variables, Flexbox, and Grid)
- Vanilla JavaScript
- Particles.js for background animation

## Local Development

To run this website locally:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ibrahimroshdy/ibrahimroshdy.github.io.git
cd ibrahimroshdy.github.io
```

2. Open `index.html` in your web browser

## Structure

- `index.html` - Main HTML structure
- `styles.css` - All styling and animations
- `script.js` - JavaScript for interactivity and particles
- `README.md` - Project documentation

## License

MIT License

## Contact

- GitHub: [@ibrahimroshdy](https://github.com/ibrahimroshdy)
- Medium: [@ibrahimroshdy](https://medium.com/@ibrahimroshdy)

Commit message:

Enhance interactive terminal with input field and command examples

README.md, after:

# Ibrahim Roshdy's Personal Website

This is the source code for my personal website hosted at [ibrahimroshdy.github.io](https://ibrahimroshdy.github.io).

## Features

- Modern, responsive design
- Interactive particle background
- Terminal-style introduction with interactive command line
- Interactive commands to navigate content (try: help, articles, projects, about, social)
- Clickable command results for articles and projects
- Showcase of articles and projects
- Smooth animations and transitions

## Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3 (with modern features like CSS Variables, Flexbox, and Grid)
- Vanilla JavaScript
- Particles.js for background animation

## Local Development

To run this website locally:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ibrahimroshdy/ibrahimroshdy.github.io.git
cd ibrahimroshdy.github.io
```

2. Open `index.html` in your web browser

## Structure

- `index.html` - Main HTML structure
- `styles.css` - All styling and animations
- `script.js` - JavaScript for interactivity, terminal commands, and particles
- `README.md` - Project documentation

## Interactive Terminal Commands

The website features an interactive terminal that supports the following commands:

- `help` - Display available commands
- `articles` - Display clickable list of all articles
- `projects` - Display clickable list of GitHub projects
- `about` - Show brief information about me
- `social` - Display social media links
- `clear` - Clear the terminal screen
- `open [section]` - Navigate to a specific section (e.g., `open articles`)

## License

MIT License

## Contact

- GitHub: [@ibrahimroshdy](https://github.com/ibrahimroshdy)
- Medium: [@ibrahimroshdy](https://medium.com/@ibrahimroshdy)
